Nature knows how to handle waste. It’s called a symbiosis. The waste of one is the food to another. [Picture: Symbioses in nature] So you don’t end up with useless waste. It’s continious recycle. It’s a symbiosis.
That’s nature. Unlike human civilisation. 
The waste of mankind has exploded. [Figures on growth in waste]
We need to find new ways to handle waste. Like in nature, the waste of one company is the input to another company. We need a corporate symbiosis. [Pic: Symbiosis in corporate world]
And that’s what Rebiosis is all about – giving waste new life. [Pic: With name and ”new life”]
The solution is a website suggesting a new life for waste by bringing companies together and suggesting potential input output they didn’t know existed.

{System presentation}
The website brings companies together around waste.
It suggests potential buyers. And potential sellers.
It crowdsources ideas to reuse waste. 
It recommends related waste.
It’s goal is to complete a circle. [Pic: Symbiosis in corporate world]

{Market validation}
Our business plan has two stages: First a funding stage, then a freemium stage.
At the first stage, it’s important for us to get a critical mass of users and a trustworthy transparency. We seek funding on both EU and national level to keep the website free to use. [Pic EU funding] The mentors we talked to yesterday all suggest that this should be quite an attractive project for funding.
The next stage is to make the website run without public funding. Our business plan says we hit break even within 3 years. So within 3 years we introduce a Freemium model. It will be free to search and browse for waste. You need a subscribtion for buying and selling, and we take a small fee for posting waste.
We have also started finding partners. We are talking to DI – Confederation of Danish Industry. They are organizing production companies that are key users of the website. We have also talked to…
So we’re looking confident at the future. And if you as sponsors want to do well by doing good, we’re the project. 
Rebiosis – give waste a new life.
Thank you.

